Craigslist misconnections. Here we go.
Where are we doing it? Carlsbad. San Diego.
You didn't mean to send it to me? Well, he did. And I'm. Um, here we go.
This, you were picking up Rubio's to go in Carlsbad.
Oh, Rubio's to go in Carlsbad.
You were an attractive black guy with athletic clothes on grabbing food to go
that Rubio's on El Camino rail.
I was the tall blonde getting salsa.
Uh that's how somehow the grossest one I've ever read just some
tall chick scooping up salsa, looking at some athletic, some,
some black guy in like Adidas do not contact me once.
So this is services offers. Yes. It's pretty, pretty specific. Do it.
That's so funny. Cause like she thinks that maybe he would have been like,
oh yeah, I saw this girl getting salsa.
Like just guys don't notice that the girl's getting salsa.
If he's attracted to her, you know,
just say saw yet rodeos that any guy at rodeos would be like, oh,
it's probably me. Oh, it's probably me. Yeah. I was getting salsa. Oh,
I don't give a. You have a. I was getting salsa though. Oh, the one with the.
Yeah, no, I was near the guacamole. Oh, you got a mouth and stuff?
Uh, let's do another one.
This is the most confusing. Whenever it's four words long,
the title is two words. Lasting batteries.
K. The body is very bored.
K did not contact me on solicitors.
Well, what's the solicited offer. What's the,
what do you mean do not contact me? Unsolicited offers. You're bored.
What's the thing you're supposed to get solicited with. Think before.
You get on Craigslist list in San Diego, AKA the worst place of all time.
I'd rather get run over by a Zamboni than be in San Diego. Here's another one.
Asian woman, not sure. A racist.
You were dancing with your kids, son and daughter in the garage. Creep.
You seem like someone fun to hang out with. I left early,
but hope you see this and say, hi, what do you mean left early?
You shouldn't have been there.
Period. Hey, I meant to creep on you for longer, but.
I had to go. I was scheduled look at someone else in the garage.
I was, I was scheduled to wash. I was scheduled to watch,
I think some middle Eastern.
Lady, maybe shower through a curtain. I was,
I was booked. I was busy.
I left early. I could, sorry. I can only stay 45 minutes.
Watch you dance with your sons in the garage. Wow, dude,
this guy droops with [inaudible].
Oh man, all these ones take place at the worst
establishments dude.
This one saw yet Del taco do Del taco
sucks. Have you ever been to Del taco? Holy. It's like eating. Oh,
wall do Del taco Del tacos, tacos.
They taste like a prolapsed anus.
Dude. If you, if you eat.
By the way, burgers, burgers at Del taco for,
let me tell you something right now. Burgers at Del taco.
No burgers at Del taco.
No burgers at Del taco. If you put a burger in your mouth
at burgers, in your, in your mouth and they'll pick up
and you just start chomping,
[inaudible] spread out. And then if you eat a
taco from Del taco, I'll tell you right now
it tastes like.
The tacos and Del tacos. Hey dude,
your, your Del taco. It says taco have the tacos.
Be good, but they're not dude.
And I used to go at least once a week in the valley to get the.
Burgers when I was a kid and I would eat that trash has fast food
and it was my idea. One fire's reminding me that we used to go and yes,
I used to go get it. And I used to eat it, but only the burgers,
Del taco.
Taco only burgers
Del taco,
taco
only burgers. Dude. Have you ever been and with a person who doesn't.
Get a cheeseburger and gets a hamburger get out of here. I swear to God.
Are you, are you a communist? Are you lunatic? If somebody doesn't get cheese.
On their cheese, on their burger, by the way, it's a cheeseburger.
Don't even call it cheeseburger. If you get a burger that Jesus' common, baby.
You got to not order the cheese. If I say yeah.
Like a hamburger, you don't bring cheese. I'm out this, dude.
No mother.
Routes or, or ShopRite and getting cheese and eating it all day long,
just as a dis.
Geez. Wow. This is the worst podcast I've ever done in my life.